this traditional Clay Oven has become a
Lifeline to a community in KH
Yunis om J welcomes anyone who wants to
use it including those displaced from
northern Gaza so long as they contribute
utensils firewood or kindling it's a
collective
effort we use the Clay Oven for baking
because we don't have gas or electricity
we welcome people and ask them to bring
paper to ignite the oven it is the only
means for us to bread for our neighbors
and visitors how can we feed families
when the bakeries are
closed hunger is stalking Gaza food and
fuel are running out and most of the
bakeries have
closed people queue day and night
outside the few that are still
open I stand for hours long hours to get
bread for
$130 in order to feed my children I
bring back eight Loaves and return the
next day we bar have enough money to
be the UN says Palestinians on average
are living on two pieces of bread a day
and that's considered a luxury according
to the world food program with Israel
only allowing a trickle of fuel into
Gaza many are cutting down trees for
firewood which Bakers are using on the
streets the situation is very tragic
there's no gas or fuel we bought
firewood so that we could bake and even
prepare tea there's absolutely no no
bread no food no water a bag of flour
was priced at $5 now it costs more than
$40 where do we get that from flour is
also in short supply Israel has bombed
gaza's last wheat Mill and the UN says
there's about 370 tons of flour left in
Gaza about 5 to 6 days
supply for most living on the breadline
is a sign of extreme
poverty in Gaza it's a matter of
survival at a time of great suffering
and
destruction Laura Khan Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer